RUMS-481 Add tests and docs for advanced use of `DDURLSessionDelegate` (#750)
DataDog/dd-sdk-ios: docs/rum_collection/troubleshooting.md

**Recommendation:** Use `Datadog.verbosityLevel` in `DEBUG` configuration, and unset it in `RELEASE`.

## Using `DDURLSessionDelegate` with your own session delegate

If you want to [automatically track network requests][1] with `DDURLSessionDelegate` but your app already implements its own session delegate, you can use either _inheritance_ or _composition_ patterns and forward calls to `DDURLSessionDelegate`.

> When using _inheritance_, use `DDURLSessionDelegate` as a base class for your custom delegate and make sure to call `super` implementation from your overrided methods. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using _inheritance_, use `DDURLSessionDelegate` as a base class for your custom delegate and make sure to call the `super` implementation from your overridden methods. For example:
```

```swift
class YourCustomDelegateURLSessionDelegate: DDURLSessionDelegate {
    override func urlSession(_ session: URLSession, task: URLSessionTask, didCompleteWithError error: Error?) {
        super.urlSession(session, task: task, didCompleteWithError: error) // forward to Datadog delegate
        /* your custom logic */
    }
}
```

> When using _composition_, leverage our `__URLSessionDelegateProviding` protocol to keep internal instance of `DDURLSessionDelegate` and forward calls to `ddURLSessionDelegate`. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using _composition_, leverage Datadog's `__URLSessionDelegateProviding` protocol to keep an internal instance of `DDURLSessionDelegate` and forward calls to `ddURLSessionDelegate`. For example:
```

        ddURLSessionDelegate.urlSession(session, task: task, didFinishCollecting: metrics) // forward to Datadog delegate
        /* your custom logic */
    }

    func urlSession(_ session: URLSession, task: URLSessionTask, didCompleteWithError error: Error?) {
        ddURLSessionDelegate.urlSession(session, task: task, didCompleteWithError: error) // forward to Datadog delegate
        /* your custom logic */
    }

    func urlSession(_ session: URLSession, dataTask: URLSessionDataTask, didReceive data: Data) {
        ddURLSessionDelegate.urlSession(session, dataTask: dataTask, didReceive: data) // forward to Datadog delegate
        /* your custom logic */
    }
}
```
**Note**: If using _composition_, `ddURLSessionDelegate` must receive all necessary calls listed in [`__URLSessionDelegateProviding` protocol comments][2]. Your delegate needs to:
* implement `URLSessionTaskDelegate` and forward:
  * [`urlSession(_:task:didFinishCollecting:)`][3]
  * [`urlSession(_:task:didCompleteWithError:)`][4]
* implement `URLSessionDataDelegate` and forward:
  * [`urlSession(_:dataTask:didReceive:)`][5]

## Further Reading

{{< partial name="whats-next/whats-next.html" >}}

> [1]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/real_user_monitoring/ios/advanced_configuration/#initialization-parameters

Author: It wasn't used in this `.md`.
